What are you doing?
Miss you, don't get me wrong
I have nothing to do with Yue Shen
You have to believe me.
I believe but I don't believe in you
It's my husband
Husband, are you done?
Let's go eat.
It's done.
Yue Shen, won't you send me back?
It's a long way to the pig farm
My feet hurt when I walk
Yue Shen
I remember you mentioned that you were teammates with Comrade Yang
Formerly in an army
I was also fortunate to have been a soldier with Ye Shen
Comrade Yang is right
You do have a last name.
Moon God, do you want to send me?
You promised my brother to take good care of me
I have arranged for Yu Dong to send you off, you go find him
Why did you arrange me for someone else?
I don't miss you, you're already an adult.
Could you please stop being so petty?
Why don't you send it?
People in the province say I'm petty
Since Comrade Yang is not satisfied with my arrangement
Then do it yourself
Hey, what did you give today?
It smells so good.
Shuyue ginseng
Are you really ignoring me?
Comrade Yang, you are already an adult
Yue Shen just doesn't have time to send it to you.
Why are you crying?
About me and Yueshin
What does it have to do with you?
Nian Nian is my wife
Don't talk to me if you're angry